Fix edit link for autogenerated docs (#443)
mkdocstrings/mkdocstrings: docs/recipes.md

📁 repo
└─╴📁 src
    └─╴📁 project
        ├─╴📄 lorem.py
        ├─╴📄 ipsum.py
        ├─╴📄 dolor.py
        ├─╴📄 sit.py

>         └─╴📄 amet.py

Reviewer: I had intentionally left out the extensions since mkdocstrings is language agnostic. I'd prefer you send another PR with that change if you think it improves the docs :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: It didnt hit at the time that it is, will revert 😅
```suggestion
        ├─╴📄 lorem
        ├─╴📄 ipsum
        ├─╴📄 dolor
        ├─╴📄 sit
        └─╴📄 amet
```

8. Actually write to the magic file.
9. We can even set the `edit_uri` on the pages.

> NOTE:

> > If your `edit_uri` is the default value or you have overwritten, you might

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your `edit_uri` is the default value or if you have overwritten it, you might
```

Reviewer: By the way, these two cases represent... all the cases? So maybe the first sentence (condition) could be dropped?

Author: When writing it I had in mind that you have to look out for it in both cases, didnt read back and realize that it covers all conditions, will change

> > have to traverse the tree until you find the correct file from your `edit_uri`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> have to traverse the tree until you find the correct file for your `edit_uri`.
```

?

Author: Rewrote the paragraph to be more clear :)

8. Actually write to the magic file.
9. We can even set the `edit_uri` on the pages.

> NOTE:
> It is important to look out for correct edit page behaviour when using generated pages.
> For example, if we have `edit_uri` set to `blob/master/docs/` and the following
> file structure:
>
> ```
> 📁 repo
> ├─ 📄 mkdocs.yml
> │
> ├─ 📁 docs

> > │   ├─╴index.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> │   ├─╴📄 index.md
```

8. Actually write to the magic file.
9. We can even set the `edit_uri` on the pages.

> NOTE:
> It is important to look out for correct edit page behaviour when using generated pages,

> > as `full_path` will be relative to the location of your `mkdocs.yml` path. You can fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> as `full_doc_path` will be relative to your docs directory. You can fix
```

> > It is important to look out for correct edit page behaviour when using generated pages,
> > as `full_path` will be relative to the location of your `mkdocs.yml` path. You can fix
> > incorrect linking by traversing tree and adding it to the path before passing
> > it to `set_edit_path`.
> >
> > For example, if we have `edit_uri` set to `blob/master/docs/` and the following
> > file structure:

Reviewer: I find the first paragraph confusing. The second one is better as it shows rather than telling. So I suggest simplifying it like so:

```suggestion
> It is important to look out for correct edit page behaviour when using generated pages.
> For example, if we have `edit_uri` set to `blob/master/docs/` and the following
> file structure:
```
